doc: lwm2m_client_utils: Update documentation regarding objects (#16475)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/lwm2m_client_utils.rst

   You must use this path in the LwM2M client library API.

#. Define a read function that updates the resource value:

   .. code:: c

      static void my_sensor_handler(struct work *work)
      {
         static double sensor_value = 0.0;

         /* Demo: change the sensor value */
         sensor_value += 0.1;

         /* Return sensor value for the LwM2M library */
         lwm2m_set_f64(&LWM2M_OBJ(3300, 0, 5700), sensor_value);

         /* Schedule the next update */
         k_work_schedule(work, K_MINUTES(2));
      }

      static K_WORK_DELAYABLE_DEFINE(my_sensor_work, my_sensor_handler);

#. Pass the resource information to the LwM2M client library and publish the sensor data:

   .. _example_callback:

   .. code:: c

      static int init_my_sensor(void)
      {
         lwm2m_create_obj_inst(&LWM2M_OBJ(3300, 0);
         /* Read the value and trigger the worker */
         my_sensor_handler(&my_sensor_work);
         return 0;
      }
      LWM2M_APP_INIT(init_my_sensor);

   The above code registers the object instance and passes the resource information to the library.

At this stage, the generic sensor is fully functional.

> For defining outputs, the process is very much similar but instead of updating the value, write callback is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process for defining outputs is similar, but instead of updating the value, a write callback is defined.
```
